Miss Zhang and President Nalan
The visitor looks bad
Isn't this going to stand up for Lin Fan?
Heard about it
Cooperation between Zhongzhou Chamber of Commerce and Lin's
It's because of Lin Fan's relationship
In addition, there is also Lin Fan's marriage to Miss Zhang
The influence of the Zhang family cannot be underestimated
Not to mention the Zhongzhou Chamber of Commerce
This time, see him Song Nan always ends
President Nanan
What do you mean?
Of course I can't stand what you sent me.
President Ah Nanan
Although you are the president of the Zhongzhou Chamber of Commerce
But I am the strength you are today
It is not necessarily quick to say that there will be too many in Zhuzhou.
Something urgent happened.
I don't get it.
President Nanan
Why are you so determined?
Standing on his Ningfan's side
Just because he has a tall horse behind him
I've already checked this out
There is no expert behind you
Sister, you are now
You can put the news that there is no central expert behind me.
Give it to
OK
Only by releasing the message
To make that poisonous woman make up her mind to do it
Ok
Hahaha
If so
Then Mr. Lin is even more powerful
President Malan
If you cooperate with me
I can give you 10% on the original basis.
You are a venomous woman with a venomous heart
It is not worthy to cooperate with my Zhongzhou Chamber of Commerce at all
I am evil-hearted
Why don't you ask
What have you done?
Oh, then tell me.
Embezzlement of company funds
That's a felony
But you're going to jail
I sit like this
It's all for our box.
Hey, it's all my fault for taking into account the love between mother and son
I want to give him a chance
But who would have thought of me as a rebel?
You want to force me?
Even my biological mother
He won't let it go
Song Dong, is there any evidence for what you said?
Oh of course
So here we are.
Are these the rebels?
My project is a bargaining chip
Some of my originals?